Docs: Reformulate Annotations (#1393)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: lightly_studio/docs/docs/concepts_and_tools/annotations.md

## Annotations in Python

Use the [Python API](../api/annotation.md) to create annotations and predictions directly, import them from model
outputs, or inspect them programmatically.

> ## Classification

Reviewer: Minor: Should be a 3rd level heading. Also all sections below.

Use [CreateClassification](../api/annotation.md#createclassification) for sample-level labels:

```python
from lightly_studio.core.annotation import CreateClassification

sample.add_annotation(
    CreateClassification(
        class_name="cat",
        confidence=0.95,  # optional
    )
)
```

## Object Detection

Use [CreateObjectDetection](../api/annotation.md#createobjectdetection) for bounding boxes:

```python
from lightly_studio.core.annotation import CreateObjectDetection

sample.add_annotation(
    CreateObjectDetection(
        class_name="car",
        x=10,
        y=20,
        width=30,
        height=40,
        confidence=0.9,  # optional
    )
)
```

> To import object detection annotations at dataset level, use

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
To import object detection annotations at the dataset level, use
```

Reviewer: Also in the section below.

[add_annotations_from_coco](../api/dataset.md#lightly_studio.ImageDataset.add_annotations_from_coco),
[add_annotations_from_yolo](../api/dataset.md#lightly_studio.ImageDataset.add_annotations_from_yolo),
or
[add_annotations_from_labelformat](../api/dataset.md#lightly_studio.ImageDataset.add_annotations_from_labelformat).

## Segmentation

Use [CreateSegmentationMask](../api/annotation.md#createsegmentationmask) for segmentation masks.

> In most cases, `from_binary_mask(...)` is the easiest option:

Reviewer: Minor: We can link `from_binary_mask` API reference

[from_rle_mask](../api/annotation.md#lightly_studio.core.annotation.CreateSegmentationMask.from_rle_mask).

??? note "RLE mask format details"

    For segmentation annotations,
    [`CreateSegmentationMask`](../api/annotation.md#createsegmentationmask) expects
    `segmentation_mask` as row-wise Run-Length Encoding (RLE):

    - Flatten the mask row by row.
    - The first number counts leading background pixels.
    - If the mask starts with foreground, the first number must be `0`.
    - Counts then alternate between foreground and background.

    Example 2x4 mask:
    ```
    [[0, 1, 1, 0],
     [1, 1, 1, 1]]
    ```

    Flattened:
    ```
    [0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1]
    ```

    Encoded:
    ```
    [1, 2, 1, 4]
    ```

To import segmentation annotations at dataset level, use
[add_annotations_from_coco](../api/dataset.md#lightly_studio.ImageDataset.add_annotations_from_coco),
[add_annotations_from_labelformat](../api/dataset.md#lightly_studio.ImageDataset.add_annotations_from_labelformat),
or
[add_annotations_from_pascal_voc_segmentations](../api/dataset.md#lightly_studio.ImageDataset.add_annotations_from_pascal_voc_segmentations).

## Predictions

> Predictions use the same annotation types as human annotations. The practical difference is that

Reviewer: It is not clear what "annotation type" means. Proposal:
```suggestion
Predictions are represented by the same objects as annotations. The only difference is that
```

predictions can include a `confidence` value and are usually stored in their own annotation source.

> For existing image datasets, the `add_annotations_from_*` methods are the easiest way to import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For image datasets, the `add_annotations_from_*` methods are the easiest way to import
```
